Sprint 1
  Fork Repository
  Download and edit ReadMe to plan out how I will utilize the code and further it
Sprint 2
  Step 1: I changed the variable and renamed the file to poset in the models folder of posets.js file. The reason I changed it is to align with the theme of my project and ensure the website now says Poset instead of Closets.
  Step 2: I went into the User.js and changed “userID” to “insertName” because the website is more of public social platform rather than something that’s private. I want people to be able to have access to anyone’s closet based on knowing their name.
  Step 3: I changed the public folder by deleting and renaming a few variables to fit my overall goal of Poset along with removing temp & waterproof because it didn’t fit my overall plan for the Poset website. While I believe it to be a good idea, I didn’t want the website that detailed in choosing a clothing style based on the weather. Also, I  changed UserID to insertname to match my change from my previous folder.
  Step 4: I went into the style.css folder and I changed the font family’s from Mclaren to Times new Roman to give the page a cleaner and more professional look to it. I also changed the color from black to blue to give it a cooler feeling on the site. In addition, I changed the background color to white to go along with the blue font.
  Step 5: I changed the login.js by deleting the password segment because I want the platform to be a public platform instead of password protected.
  Step 6: I changed the signup folder to rename everything with virtual closet to Poset to match my project title as well as renamnig and rewording a few other items that mentions the previous users idea. Also, I deleted the password segment here as well to align with the changed made on the login
  Completed Steps 1-6
Sprint 3
  I want to go through my Sprint 2 changes thoroughly to ensure that no mistakes/errors were made. In addition, I want to see what else I could further change, even though the repostiory of the Virtual_Closet is nearly identical to my Poset idea. Lastly, I want to change the layout of the signup and login page to be a cleaner and more professional look. I may even add a background picture, if I can do the filing correctly.
